docs/Odin.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Odin
description: Odin Protocol v3/v4
nav_order: 3
---

## Handshake
To perform a handshake, you need to send "ODIN", and check if response is "LOKE".

## Defaults
* Read/Write timeout for file transfer: 30000 (30 seconds)
* Packet size for file transfer: 131072 (128 KiB)
* File transfer max sequence size: 800 (Packets)

## Terminology
* Sequence: Size is *Packet size for file transfer* multiplied by *File transfer max sequence size*
* File Part: Size is *Packet size for file transfer*.

## Other
* `Unknown`s should be always 0x00. If it's not, you're in trouble.

## Session (0x64)
### Begin Session
Write: `0x64(Session) 0x00(Begin) 0x03(Odin v3)` -or- `0x64(Session) 0x00(Begin) 0x04(Odin v4)` \
Read: `0x64(Session) 0x00(Unknown)`

If Unknown is not 0:
* Read/Write timeout for file transfer: 120000 (2 minutes)
* Packet size for file transfer: 1048576 (1 MiB)
* File transfer max sequence size: 30 (Packets)
* Send `0x64(Session) 0x05(FilePartSize) 0x100000(Packet Size)`
* Read `0x64(Session) 0x00(Unknown)`
  * If Unknown is not 0, throw an error.

### End Session
Write: `0x64(Session) 0x67(End) 0x00(NoReboot)` -or- `0x67(End Session) 0x01(Reboot)` \
Read: `0x67(End Session)`
### Device Type
Write: `0x64(Session) 0x01(Device Type)` \
Read: `0x64(Session) <32bit>(Device Type)`
### Total Bytes
Write: `0x64(Session) 0x02(Total Bytes) <64bit>(Bytes Length)` \
Read: `0x64(Session) 0x00(Unknown)`
### Enable T-Flash
Write: `0x64(Session) 0x05(T-Flash)` \
Read: `0x64(Session) 0x00(Unknown)`
## PIT (0x65)
### Flashing
#### Request PIT flash
Write: `0x65(PIT) 0x00(Flash)` \
Read: `0x65(PIT)`
#### Begin PIT Flash
Write: `0x65(PIT) 0x02(Begin) <32bit>(Byte Length)` \
Read: `0x65(PIT)`
#### Send PIT data
Write: `<PIT data buffer>` \
Read: `0x65(PIT)`
#### End PIT Flash
Write: `0x65(PIT) 0x03(End)` \
Read: `0x65(PIT)`
### Dumping
#### Request PIT data dump
Write: `0x65(PIT) 0x01(Dump)` \
Read: `0x65(PIT) <32bit>(File Size)`
#### Dump PIT data block
One block is 500 bytes. \
Send an empty packet after last block. \
Write: `0x65(PIT) 0x02(FilePart) <32bit>(Index)` \
Read: `<PIT data block>`
#### End PIT dump
Identical to End PIT flash. \
Write: `0x65(PIT) 0x03(End)` \
Read: `0x65(PIT)`
## File (0x66)
### Request file flash
Write: `0x66(File) 0x00(Flash)` \
Read: `0x66(File)`
### Begin file sequence flash
Write: `0x66(File) 0x02(FilePart) <32bit>(Byte Length)` \
Read: `0x66(File)`
### Flash a file part
Send an empty packet for the first file part. \
Write: `<File part data>` \
Read: `0x00(File Part) <32bit>(File Part Index)`
### End file sequence flash: MODEM
Send an empty packet before and after. \
Write: `0x66(File) 0x03(End) 0x01(Modem/CP) <32bit>(Sequence Byte Length) 0x00(Unknown) <32bit>(Device Type) <32bit>(Identifier) <32bit>(Is last Sequence)` \
Read: `0x66(File)`
### End file sequence flash: PHONE
Send an empty packet before and after. \
Write: `0x66(File) 0x03(End) 0x00(Phone/AP) <32bit>(Sequence Byte Length) 0x00(Unknown) <32bit>(Device Type) <32bit>(Identifier) <32bit>(Is last Sequence)` \
Read: `0x66(File)`
### Request file dump
**Warning!** This may work but it is not comfirmed. \
Write: `0x66(File) 0x01(Dump)` \
Read: `<unknown>`

Commit message:

Add link to Hreidmar in Odin section

docs/Odin.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Odin
description: Odin Protocol v3/v4
nav_order: 3
---

## Warning
If you just wanna to flash firmware onto a Samsung phone, click Hreidmar button below, or use leaked Odin. \
It is an implementation of this protocol, tested on Samsung Galaxy A20s.

## Handshake
To perform a handshake, you need to send "ODIN", and check if response is "LOKE".

## Defaults
* Read/Write timeout for file transfer: 30000 (30 seconds)
* Packet size for file transfer: 131072 (128 KiB)
* File transfer max sequence size: 800 (Packets)

## Terminology
* Sequence: Size is *Packet size for file transfer* multiplied by *File transfer max sequence size*
* File Part: Size is *Packet size for file transfer*.

## Other
* `Unknown`s should be always 0x00. If it's not, you're in trouble.

## Session (0x64)
### Begin Session
Write: `0x64(Session) 0x00(Begin) 0x03(Odin v3)` -or- `0x64(Session) 0x00(Begin) 0x04(Odin v4)` \
Read: `0x64(Session) 0x00(Unknown)`

If Unknown is not 0:
* Read/Write timeout for file transfer: 120000 (2 minutes)
* Packet size for file transfer: 1048576 (1 MiB)
* File transfer max sequence size: 30 (Packets)
* Send `0x64(Session) 0x05(FilePartSize) 0x100000(Packet Size)`
* Read `0x64(Session) 0x00(Unknown)`
  * If Unknown is not 0, throw an error.

### End Session
Write: `0x64(Session) 0x67(End) 0x00(NoReboot)` -or- `0x67(End Session) 0x01(Reboot)` \
Read: `0x67(End Session)`
### Device Type
Write: `0x64(Session) 0x01(Device Type)` \
Read: `0x64(Session) <32bit>(Device Type)`
### Total Bytes
Write: `0x64(Session) 0x02(Total Bytes) <64bit>(Bytes Length)` \
Read: `0x64(Session) 0x00(Unknown)`
### Enable T-Flash
Write: `0x64(Session) 0x05(T-Flash)` \
Read: `0x64(Session) 0x00(Unknown)`
## PIT (0x65)
### Flashing
#### Request PIT flash
Write: `0x65(PIT) 0x00(Flash)` \
Read: `0x65(PIT)`
#### Begin PIT Flash
Write: `0x65(PIT) 0x02(Begin) <32bit>(Byte Length)` \
Read: `0x65(PIT)`
#### Send PIT data
Write: `<PIT data buffer>` \
Read: `0x65(PIT)`
#### End PIT Flash
Write: `0x65(PIT) 0x03(End)` \
Read: `0x65(PIT)`
### Dumping
#### Request PIT data dump
Write: `0x65(PIT) 0x01(Dump)` \
Read: `0x65(PIT) <32bit>(File Size)`
#### Dump PIT data block
One block is 500 bytes. \
Send an empty packet after last block. \
Write: `0x65(PIT) 0x02(FilePart) <32bit>(Index)` \
Read: `<PIT data block>`
#### End PIT dump
Identical to End PIT flash. \
Write: `0x65(PIT) 0x03(End)` \
Read: `0x65(PIT)`
## File (0x66)
### Request file flash
Write: `0x66(File) 0x00(Flash)` \
Read: `0x66(File)`
### Begin file sequence flash
Write: `0x66(File) 0x02(FilePart) <32bit>(Byte Length)` \
Read: `0x66(File)`
### Flash a file part
Send an empty packet for the first file part. \
Write: `<File part data>` \
Read: `0x00(File Part) <32bit>(File Part Index)`
### End file sequence flash: MODEM
Send an empty packet before and after. \
Write: `0x66(File) 0x03(End) 0x01(Modem/CP) <32bit>(Sequence Byte Length) 0x00(Unknown) <32bit>(Device Type) <32bit>(Identifier) <32bit>(Is last Sequence)` \
Read: `0x66(File)`
### End file sequence flash: PHONE
Send an empty packet before and after. \
Write: `0x66(File) 0x03(End) 0x00(Phone/AP) <32bit>(Sequence Byte Length) 0x00(Unknown) <32bit>(Device Type) <32bit>(Identifier) <32bit>(Is last Sequence)` \
Read: `0x66(File)`
### Request file dump
**Warning!** This may work but it is not comfirmed. \
Write: `0x66(File) 0x01(Dump)` \
Read: `<unknown>`
