docs/PIT.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: PIT
description: Samsung Partition Table Format
nav_order: 4
---

## Header
`0x12349876` is the magic number that is located in first 4 bytes of a PIT file. \
Skip next 32-bit number, and then we have two 8 chars long strings: `COM_TAR2` and `SDM710`, for example. \
First is unknown, but the second is probably processors ID/model.

## Entries
Entries begin after first 28 bytes. \
One entry is 132 bytes long.
### Binary Type
Type: 32-bit number
Value: 
* AP/Phone = 0
* CP/Modem = 1

### Device Type
Type: 32-bit number
Value:
* NAND = 0
* File = 1
* MMC = 2
* All = 3

### Identitifier
Type: 32-bit number
### Attributes
Type: 32-bit number
Flags:
* STL = 0x0001
* Write = 0x0010

### Update Attributes
Type: 32-bit number
Flags:
* FOTA = 0x0001
* Secure = 0x0010

### Block size/offset
Type: 32-bit number
### Block count
Type: 32-bit number
### File Offset (obsolete)
Type: 32-bit number
### File Size (obsolete)
Type: 32-bit number
### Partition name
Type: 32 bytes long string
### File name
Type: 32 bytes long string
### FOTA name
Type: 32 bytes long string

## Signer data
After that we have 5 16-chars long strings.
## SignerVer02
2nd and 4th should be ignored as they not contain anything we need. \
3rd one is the firmware version. 5th one is time and date. \
After that we have a 32-chars long string with PIT's ID, probably.

Commit message:

Add a warning in PIT docs

docs/PIT.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: PIT
description: Samsung Partition Table Format
nav_order: 4
---

## Warning
The PIT format is not yet fully documented and most of it's parts are unknown. \
Also things vary from device to device.

## Header
`0x12349876` is the magic number that is located in first 4 bytes of a PIT file. \
Skip next 32-bit number, and then we have two 8 chars long strings: `COM_TAR2` and `SDM710`, for example. \
First is unknown, but the second is probably processors ID/model.

## Entries
Entries begin after first 28 bytes. \
One entry is 132 bytes long.
### Binary Type
Type: 32-bit number
Value: 
* AP/Phone = 0
* CP/Modem = 1

### Device Type
Type: 32-bit number
Value:
* NAND = 0
* File = 1
* MMC = 2
* All = 3

### Identitifier
Type: 32-bit number
### Attributes
Type: 32-bit number
Flags:
* STL = 0x0001
* Write = 0x0010

### Update Attributes
Type: 32-bit number
Flags:
* FOTA = 0x0001
* Secure = 0x0010

### Block size/offset
Type: 32-bit number
### Block count
Type: 32-bit number
### File Offset (obsolete)
Type: 32-bit number
### File Size (obsolete)
Type: 32-bit number
### Partition name
Type: 32 bytes long string
### File name
Type: 32 bytes long string
### FOTA name
Type: 32 bytes long string
